The rest of you
are to accompany me!
- Yes, sir!
Leave the bodies
of the dead for later!
Transporting the injured
is our top priority!
We've got a critical patient here!
Please take him to room 203!
Captain Unohana...
was it really the right choice
for us to remain in
the Squad 4 barracks?
We could've saved more lives if we
were out there in the Seireitei
- with the rest of—
- Isane.
You shouldn't let your feelings
dictate what you say.
It would have been easy for us to
vacate this place out of concern.
But I know you are
not so short-sighted
that I have to explain
why that would have been wrong.
Yes, ma'am...
I'm...very sorry...!
There's no need to cry, Isane...
"Do not leave the Squad 4 barracks.
No matter what."
That was the final order given
to us by the Head Captain...
The blue skies above are hopelessly clear
At my wit's end, I feel a growing frustration
As if to laugh at us hopeless cowards
Countless eyes stare at us
This soul of mine breaks again and again
All I can do is hold it tight
Until the day it turns to ash
I've absorbed all of this sorrow
It has shaped me, painted me
But that's how we got here, right?
One step at a time, just like breathing
These countless scars on my palm
That no longer fade
Are my badge, my story
I faced the fear and shred it to pieces
And let it walk beside me once more
BLEACH: THOUSAND-YEAR BLOOD WAR
Here you go, sir.
According to this message
sent by Kisuke Urahara,
he, Orihime Inoue,
and Yasutora Sado are all safe.
However,
further details are unknown...
I see...
Let me go, you idiot!
The Captain...
There's no way Captain Zaraki
- would lose!
- Please calm down!
- You need rest.
- Captain!
- Get me a sedative! Hurry!
- Ichigo!
Come over here, Ichigo.
You need medical treatment.
No, I'm fine.
I already got some first-aid.
No, it's not okay!
I can tell that
you're badly wounded.
Ichigo...
Rukia and Abarai
have gotten out of surgery.
TRAUMA ROOM
They're no longer
in critical condition
and are now stable.
Please call me
if anything comes up.
- Ichigo...
- Rukia!
Is it all right for you to talk?!
She just said
our condition was stable...
Weren't you listening, you idiot?
Oh yeah...?
It seems your mouth
is working just fine...
Ichigo...
You came to protect
the Soul Society, didn't you?
Thank you...
Of course!
Though,
I couldn't do anything this time...
You dumbass...
You drove the enemy boss away!
If you hadn't come,
things would have been even worse.
You should be holding
your head up high, you idiot!
Hirako...
Mr. Ichigo Kurosaki!
Captain Kurotsuchi
would like to see you.
It's about your Zanpakuto...
Typical. He's always busy
no matter what the situation is.
Ignoring his wounds and caring
for everybody but himself.
Captain Hirako...
I wonder why Ichigo had
such a painful look on his face...
It seems he had
a rough time as well.
His Zanpakuto was broken,
and in the end,
he couldn't protect anybody.
He's probably exhausted.
There's no need to worry.
Do you really think...that's it?
I feel as if he's dealing with
something more serious
and he's trying to hide it...
The Head Captain's body
couldn't be found.
The enemy destroyed everything...
I have a report.
Squad 6 Captain Byakuya Kuchiki
and Squad 11 Captain
Kenpachi Zaraki
have both survived.
However,
it will be difficult for them
to return to their duties
as captains...
They may never
regain consciousness...
Get out!
I don't want to hear
such reports right now!
Can't you see that
we lost the Head Captain?
What more do you want us
to deal with?!
Stop.
You're embarrassing yourself.
Easy for you to say!
I know you and others held a grudge
against the Head Captain!
That's why you can stay so calm!
How dare you...!
Stop, Soi Fon!
Do you think you're the only one
who wants to scream?!
Now, now, now, now...
No fighting.
If Old Man Yama was still here,
he would've lined us up
and smacked us for sure.
He'd then say, "How pathetic
to see you cry and scream
in front of
the articles I left behind!"
Kyoraku, you bastard...
The Thirteen Court Guard Squads...
doesn't exist to grieve the dead
or cry over the destruction
of the Soul Society.
It exists to protect
the Soul Society.
Let's try to look forward.
We are the Thirteen
Court Guard Squads, aren't we?
"Can't fix it"?
Why not?!
You fix your Zanpakuto whenever
it gets broken, don't you?!
Are you stupid?
I don't "fix" mine.
I "modify" it.
The only thing
that can fix a Zanpakuto
is its owner's mind,
Spiritual Pressure,
and time to infuse them
into your Zanpakuto.
That's all.
Fine...
So you're saying I should
take it back and fix it myself.
Let me finish explaining.
I was only talking about Shikai.
The destruction of a Zanpakuto's
Shikai and Bankai
have completely different meanings.
A destroyed Bankai
can never be restored.
What?!
Then what should I do?
It's me.
- Come back here!
- Catch him!
- Kon?!
- Nooo!
I hadn't seen him in a while,
but he was in the Soul Society?
I see...
I thought so.
All right.
I'm on my way.
Come with me, Ichigo Kurosaki.
You should meet them.
Although I don't want to
in the slightest.
The great Squad Zero is coming.
Hirako!
Came to check it out too, Ichigo?
I don't really recommend it.
So where's this Squad Zero
coming from?
I mean, they're only showing up now
after the Seireitei got destroyed?
Where do they usually stay?
In the Royal Palace.
Is that not within the Seireitei?
Do you remember how those walls
came falling from the sky
when you first came here?
Those walls have been
surrounding this area
since things have been chaotic
in the Seireitei lately.
It was originally meant to surround
the Seireitei during emergencies.
So then...
If it's meant to protect
the Seireitei during emergencies,
what does this wall
normally protect?
Look, they're coming.
What is that?!
Tenchuren...
It's Squad Zero's
transport vehicle.
Squad Zero consists of
five total members.
Just five?!
They have no squad officers.
All five are captains.
Also...
...the combined strength
of those five...
...is greater than that of the entire
Thirteen Court Guard Squads.
Hell yeah!
We're here, we're here!
We're finally here!
Squad Zero's in the house!
Long time no see, you fledglings of
the Thirteen Court Guard Squads!
Have you been eating right,
getting enough sleep,
- and staying healthy?
- These guys are pretty different
from what I had in mind...
The hell was that for?!
It's been a while, Shinji!
Hiyori isn't with you?
- How rare!
- "It's been a while"?
I don't know you—
Wait... "Hiyori"?
Have you forgotten who I am?!
It's me, Kirio!
Y-You're Ms. Kirio?!
Seriously?! You're like
a completely different person!
Oh, Shinji!
I haven't changed that much!
Ah, I'm starving!
Hey! It's been a while,
hasn't it, Unohana?
So, the healing techniques
I taught you...
Are you putting them to good use?
Of course.
Really?!
Because I heard you guys
just lost a bunch of men!
So what's the story there?
Now, now!
It's been so long
since you've seen one another!
I'm sure you have
a ton of catching up to do,
but save it for later!
Well now...
I see everyone in Squad Zero
is the same as always, Osho!
So what business do you have
for coming here this time?
Hmm...
So you're Ichigo Kurosaki, huh?
We came here to rebuild
the Thirteen Court Guard Squads
at the behest of the Soul King.
For starters, Ichigo Kurosaki,
we're taking you back up with us.
Are you kidding me?!
I don't care how important
Squad Zero is,
but you were relaxing above
while the Seireitei
was getting destroyed.
But now, you come down,
wanting to rebuild
the Thirteen Court Guard Squads?!
Quit joking around!
Let's continue.
- So...
- Hey!
Shut up.
What kind of move was that?
"Quit joking around"?
That's our line.
What were you again?
The Thirteen Court Guard Squads.
Am I right?
Our job is to protect
the Royal Palace.
Your job is to protect
the Seireitei.
What kind of Court Guard
cries for help
after failing to get the job done?
You're not worthy
to bear that name.
That hurts, damn it!
I told you to save it for later.
Let's finish
what we came here for first.
No need.
Huh?
Everything on the list of things
we need to take with us...
They're all here.
All that is remaining is you...
Ichigo Kurosaki.
Unacceptable.
The three people
inside your spheres
are in no condition to leave
the Seireitei right now.
I cannot allow you
to take them with you.
That's exactly why
we're taking them with us!
I'm sure you're well aware
that you're not strong enough
to fully restore these three.
You already know, don't you, Retsu?
Medical care isn't what
you should be doing right now.
You broke into my lab as well, huh?
As always,
you're so disrespectful.
Oh, why if it isn't Mayuri.
As always, you exaggerate
by calling it a break-in.
When I placed my hand on the door,
it just slid right open.
However...
it was far less secure
than when I was around.
H-Hold on a second!
Why are you taking me as well?!
I can recover from these injuries
just fine in the Seireitei!
We know that.
You're the only one being taken
for a different reason.
"A different reason"?
Hello there!
Well, it's been a while
since I've seen you all!
I'm sure you must have
been worried.
I'm so sorry about that.
Huh?
Hey, what gives?
I was hoping for a bigger reaction.
What's going on here?!
- My head!
- Oh! It's Kurosaki!
Thank goodness!
You're hurt,
but you look all right!
Inoue!
Thank goodness!
You seem to be doing well!
Yeah, I'm all right!
That you, Ichigo?
Thank goodness you're safe.
That's my line.
I was worried too, you know.
Well, the truth is,
I wanted to contact you sooner,
but a lot happened...
Huh?
What are you guys doing in there?
That voice...
Could it be?
- That voice!
- Inoue! Sado!
Kurosaki, you bastard!
You're there, aren't you?!
- No!
- Hey, why are you
- He's not here!
- with that guy, Urahara?!
Kurosaki...
As you can see,
we're all right.
So please do what you have to do
for yourself...
You can decide on your own...
what you truly want to do...
Oh, and don't worry about him.
We reached a nice agreement.
Well, see you later!
Was it okay to tell him that?
Tell him what?
If he does
what he truly wants to do...
that will surely lead to
protecting us all in the end.
But you two should know that
better than I do.
And the person...
who knows that better than anyone
is Kurosaki himself.
Hey, Baldy...
Oh!
You're talking to me?!
If I go to this Royal Palace,
can I fix my Tensa Zangetsu?
That's impossible.
It can't be fixed.
However...
if you go to the Royal Palace,
we can reforge it into something
resembling your original sword.
Fine...
Take me with you
to the Royal Palace!
All right!
"WELCOME TO
KUKAKU SHIBA'S RESIDENCE"
Time to launch!
Huh?
Go!
Aren't there any seatbelts
in this thing?!
There he goes.
You sure it was
the right thing to do, Sis?!
Yeah.
If he doesn't go now,
the Soul Society is finished
when the next invasion comes.
We have no choice
but to let him go.
Even if that means
making Uncle sad.
All right, you guys!
Get back to Kukaku's
Great Training Hall already!
Help out with the training!
Don't forget who took you off
the streets of the Rukon District.
I'm getting tired of
her patronizing attitude...
Agreed.
Show some guts, Ganju.
You can cry or scream, but I'm
throwing you into the next battle!
Got it!
Come on out, Ichigo Kurosaki!
We've arrived!
THE ROYAL PALACE
This is the Royal Palace!
This is the place?
That's right!
Feel free to brag about it!
Ordinary Soul Reapers
typically aren't allowed here!
Though, I'm not sure if I can
call you an "ordinary" Soul Reaper...
So this is the place Aizen
so desperately wanted to come to...
Hold on a second!
I thought you couldn't get into
the Royal Palace without the Ouken!
Yeah, this is it.
The Ouken refers to our bones,
which were transformed
by the power of the Soul King
when we were selected
to join Squad Zero.
Therefore, there are two ways
to enter the Royal Palace...
We either choose to allow you in
or you come in with us...
Sosuke Aizen was
trying to make an Ouken.
In other words...
he was trying to create us
using his own spiritual powers.
He schemed to
take the place of a god...
by creating life
and killing the king...
Sosuke Aizen...
He truly is evil personified.
But take this to heart,
Ichigo Kurosaki.
The Quincies
that showed up this time
are an even greater evil...
All right.
Stand right there!
Ready?
I'm about to blast you now.
Don't move, or you'll die!
Okay, here goes...!
H-Hold on a second!
- What is it?
- Where am I heading to?!
Am I going to meet the Soul King?!
Huh? Are you talking in your sleep
or something?!
There's no way you'd be allowed
to meet the Soul King!
- That hurts, damn it!
- Explain it to him properly!
THE ROYAL PALACE - MAIN ENTRANCE
Listen closely.
Right now,
we're at the main entrance.
REIO GREATER PALACE
And over there is the main shrine,
the Reio Greater Palace.
REIO GREATER PALACE
That's where the Soul King resides.
And those five tray-like structures
floating around it
SQUAD ZERO RIDEN
And those five tray-like structures
floating around it
SQUAD ZERO RIDEN
are the Squad Zero Riden.
Those are our castles.
Out of those...
you'll be first going to
my Kirinden—all of you!
"KIRINDEN"
What the hell is this?!
We're soaking in a hot spring,
of course.
Why are you drowning them?!
You're going to kill them!
Wait!
He's bleeding!
Quit your yapping.
I'm soaking them in this hot water
to squeeze out
their damaged Spiritual Pressure
along with their blood.
Damaged Spiritual Pressure?
You see that red hot spring
over there?
"BLOOD POND HELL"
The sign says,
"Blood Pond Hell"...
"BLOOD POND HELL"
So that Blood Pond Hell...
We're going to take Byakuya,
who's completely squeezed out...
and toss him in there!
Hey!
He's on the verge of death!
I told you to shut up!
I draw out their blood
in White Bone Hell
and replenish it
in Blood Pond Hell.
I'll repeat this several times,
and in the end, every drop of
bad blood and Spiritual Pressure
in their bodies
will be swapped with my hot water!
That's the way I heal others!
Will doing this really work?
Shut up and soak.
With the kind of injuries you have,
one night is enough to make you
feel twice as good as normal!
"HOT SPRING DEMON" -
TENJIRO KIRINJI
Everything we had left behind
Our breaths blending as mist
without form or expression
We lie buried as we glare
into the distance
I can't hear anything
I can't seem to cut anything
It feels like I'm sinking
Falling, falling
Touching
Eyes struck wide open
Something no one has ever seen
The furthest reaches are now visible to us
It cannot be undone
and cannot be stopped
This ensuing struggle
Whisk it away beyond
the ends of the earth
Along with our breaths
Take everything
Whisk it away beyond
the ends of the earth
Along with our futures
Along with our world
Something no one has ever seen
The furthest reaches are now
visible to us
Don't you know God's demand?
As we tear each other down
It seems you're awake...
Soul King.
"Neither form nor soul
shall escape my blade..."
"Nothing...except you."